# Minutes of Meeting

### Date: 01-11-18
### Time: 4:00pm
### Topic: 12th Client Meet

|  **Type**  |        **Description**            |   **Owner**          |   **Deadline**   |
| :--------: |  :-----------------------------:  |  :----------------:  |  :------------:  |
|     T      |   Integration of frontend and     |      All             |    09-11-18      |
|            |   backend                         |                      |                  |
|     T      |   Next use case discussed         |      All             |    09-11-18      |
|     T      |   User should be able to edit     |   kartik,vishwath    |    09-11-18      |
|            |   where he stoped working         |                      |                  |
|     T      |   Backend for next use case       |   dinesh,aditya      |    09-11-18      |                   