# Minutes of Meeting

### Date: 17-09-18
### Time: 4:30pm
### Topic: 6th Client Meet

|  **Type**  |        **Description**            |   **Owner**          |   **Deadline**   |
| :--------: |  :-----------------------------:  |  :----------------:  |  :------------:  |
|     T      |       Integration of              |       All            |     27-09-18     |
|            |       backend and frontend        |                      |                  |    
|     T      |       Fix bugs in frontend        |    Kartik            |     27-09-18     |
|            |                                   |    Vishwath          |                  | 